Ah pat pat pat pat pat
What bullshit hidden grades
Obviously, it is the International Olympic Committee killing chickens and monkeys
Deliberately making a fool of Zhao Ruolan
Not bad, don't say Zhao Ruolan can't win the world championship
Even if he wins the world championship
It is impossible to make the president of the International Olympic Committee
Come and announce in person
Ant Sports School This Garbage Academy
Can come out world champion
Who will believe it? I tell you Zhao Ruolan
He is not just a golden phoenix
And it's you, Zhao Wanglong, all your life
It's unattainable.
Golden Phoenix is engraved
Really unattainable
I didn't buckle anything.
I just beat the record
When are you still arguing?
Village Chief, our ancestors are armed
My son is now an Olympic equipment
Keep this bargain.
Only smear
Must be beaten out of Zhaojiacun
OK, now I declare
Drive Zhao Ruolan and Zhao Daming out of Zhaojiacun
Lash 50 all property to the village chief
It's a big deal for the village chief
Chairperson of the National Committee, he drove to our village
What's going on?
The country's Olympic president
They have all come to our Zhaojiacun
Are Zhao Ruolan's grades really exceptional?